Fan Yueying
You still have the face
Come to our Zhao family
Mother
Yueying, she knew she was wrong
today
I came here specifically to express my gratitude.
Mrs. Qian
I had a bad attitude before
Is this your Taoist attitude?
Kneel down and speak
you
Yueying
think about your company
think of your mother
Mrs. Qian
please forgive me
Just apologize and that's it.
Fan Yueying
I tell you
What I despise the most
It’s such a cutie like you
out all day
publicity
seduce men
If it weren't for my Junjun
Falling in love with you
You can't get in at all
The door of my Zhao family
That's right
You illegitimate daughter
Can you enter our Zhao family?
That's your blessing
Why don't you hurry up and thank my mother?
Thank you Mrs. Qian
Want to enter our Zhao family's door
OK
you have to be obedient
I beat you and scold you
You have to bear it
No complaints at all
Otherwise I'll break your legs
Do you understand?
Talk
clear
Little cute
Need to clean up
Junjun
Mom will hold a wedding for you tomorrow
thank you mom
I'll help you to rest